[Instrumentation.AspNetCore] Fix span names when http.request.method is reporter as _OTHER (#5484)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.AspNetCore/CHANGELOG.md

  the original value `Get` will be stored in `http.request.method_original`.
  ([#5471](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/5471))

* Fixed the name of spans that have `http.request.method` attribute set to `_OTHER`.

>   Now, the span name have `HTTP` prefix, previously it was `_OTHER`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The span name will be set as `HTTP {http.route}` as per the [specification](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/blob/v1.24.0/docs/http/http-spans.md#name).
```

Reviewer: Need the changelog entry for HttpClients too.

Author: No behavioral changes in HTTP client. Only common method is used.

> * Fixed an issue for span names when `http.request.method` is reporter as `_OTHER`.
>   Now, span names starts with `HTTP`, previously it was started by `_OTHER`.
>   ([#5484](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/5484))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed the name of spans that have `http.request.method` attribute set to `_OTHER`.
  Now, the span name have `HTTP` prefix, previously it was `_OTHER`.
  ([#5484](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/5484))
```
